Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
MC: WELL, DUEL FANS,
YUSEI FUDO OF THE TEAM 5D'S
HAS PUT UP AN IMPRESSIVE STAND
AGAINST THE CRAFTY COMBATANTS
OF TEAM UNICORN.
BUT THE QUESTION IS...
CAN HE KEEP IT UP?
HE'S BEING METHODICALLY
DRAINED OF HIS DUEL CARDS!
ALL RIGHT, YUSEI!
IF I'M GONNA BEAT YOU,
I'M GONNA DO IT WITH FORCE!
YEAH; THEN GO FOR IT!
HYPNOCORN, TO BATTLE;
ATTACK RAPID WARRIOR!
Both: YEAH!
All: YUSEI!
PERFECT...
THE ONE CARD THAT CAN HELP...
THE ONE CARD
LEFT IN MY HAND...
STRONGHOLD GUARDIAN!
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
OH, NO;
THAT WOULD MEAN...
♪
AAH!
MC: WHAT A FINISH!
WITH HIS VERY LAST CARD,
YUSEI AND TEAM 5D'S WIN!
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN
WIN ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
-WHAT HAPPENED?
-THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME!
Second man: DID HE WIN?
♪
Leo: IS THAT IT?
Luna: IS IT OVER?
HUH?
LOOK AT THE SCORING BOARD!
-HUH?
[BOTH GIGGLING]
-WE DID IT!
-YEAH, 5D'S!
MC: INCREDIBLE!
AFTER CHIPPING AWAY
AT EACH OTHER'S LIFE POINTS,
CLASHING AGAIN AND AGAIN,
CAREENING THROUGH
BATTLE AFTER BATTLE...
THE ONE WHO STILL
RIDES THE COURSE
IS TEAM 5D'S
VERY OWN...
YUSEI FUDO!
[CROWD CHEERING]
MC: FROM THE
JAWS OF DEFEAT,
YUSEI HAS SNAGGED
A MIRACULOUS
COME-FROM-BEHIND VICTORY!
Cheerleaders: I SAY,
THEY SAY, WE ALL SAY "YUSEI!"
♪
All: YUSEI!
YUSEI FUDO,
YOU'RE MY HERO!
NO, HE'S
MY HERO!
Crow: HE'S EVERYONE'S HERO!
Jack: THAT WAS
INCREDIBLE DUELING.
Akiza: WAY TO WIN
ONE FOR THE TEAM!
HOW ARE YOU FEELING,
JACK, ARE YOU OK?
IT'S THE MIRACLE
OF ENTHUSIASM.
THE RUSH OF
EXCITEMENT YOU GAVE ME
MADE MY INJURIES
VANISH ENTIRELY!
BUT SERIOUSLY,
GREAT JOB, MATE.
♪
JEAN...
MY TEAM POURED
EVERYTHING WE HAD
INTO GETTING INTO
THIS TOURNAMENT.
AND IN THE END,
I HAD YOU, YUSEI.
I COULD'VE COASTED THROUGH
AND WON ON A TECHNICALITY.
BUT I LET YOU
RATTLE ME...
SUDDENLY, IT WASN'T ENOUGH
TO WIN BECAUSE OF SOME RULE.
I WANTED TO DEFEAT YOU
IN EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD.
I DON'T HOW YOU DID IT, BUT
YOU REALLY GOT UNDER MY SKIN.
THIS IS NOT TEAM
UNICORN'S DEFEAT, YUSEI.
THIS IS MY DEFEAT.
Andre: I WON'T LET YOU
TAKE ALL THE BLAME.
HUH?
BUT IT'S TRUE,
I LOST.
I GOT STUPID
AND CARELESS,
AND I THREW AWAY
ALL OF OUR EFFORTS.
Breo: WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU WERE AMAZING
OUT THERE, JEAN.
I'VE NEVER BEEN PROUDER
TO BE YOUR TEAMMATE.
Jean: ARE YOU
SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?
YOU'RE ALWAYS SO COLD
AND CALCULATING, JEAN...
BUT THIS TIME,
YOU WERE PASSIONATE.
IT WAS GREAT!
WELL, I GUESS THERE
IS SOMETHING TO THAT.
MAYBE YOU DIDN'T BRING
OUT A WEAKNESS IN ME.
MAYBE IT WAS A
STRENGTH YOU BROUGHT OUT.
FOR EVEN THOUGH I LOST,
I FEEL AMPED
AND ENERGIZED,
AND THAT'S KIND OF
A NEW FEELING FOR ME.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
ANYONE DUELING SOMEONE
WITH YOUR
ENERGY AND SKILLS
AND NOT FEELING
THE SAME WAY, YUSEI.
THANKS, BREO...
WE SHOULD BE
THANKING YOU.
THIS DUEL MAY HAVE CHANGED
HOW TEAM UNICORN DOES THINGS
AND FOR THE BETTER.
THIS DUEL MAY'VE CHANGED
HOW WE DO THINGS TOO.
WE MAY BE A TEAM, BUT
SOMEONE FORGOT TO TELL US
WHAT BEING ON
A TEAM REALLY MEANS.
THIS DUEL FORCED US
TO THINK OF OURSELVES
NOT AS
THREE INDIVIDUALS
BUT AS ONE
INDIVIDUAL TEAM.
THAT'S ALL YOU.
WHAT YUSEI'S TRYING
TO SAY IS--YOU GUYS ROCK!
DON'T LET THE FACT
THAT YUSEI
WIPED THE TRACK
WITH YOU GET YOU DOWN.
YOU ARE TRULY
A FORMIDABLE FORCE.
YOU GUYS
REALLY ARE GREAT.
I HOPE YOU WIN
YOUR NEXT DUEL.
TELL YOU WHAT, WE'LL KEEP
WINNING OUR DUELS...
AS LONG AS YOU GUYS
KEEP WINNING YOURS
SO THAT WE CAN DUEL AGAIN.
YOU GOT IT.
THAT IS A DEAL I WON'T
HESITATE TO MAKE, JEAN.
LET'S GO ALL THE
WAY, MY FRIEND...
LET'S MEET IN THE FINALS.
[CHUCKLING]
♪
YOU BRING THE AWESOME, AND
WE'LL BRING THE INCREDIBLE.
All: WE'LL MEET AGAIN
IN THE FINALS!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Girl: YOU DID IT, 5D'S,
YOU DID IT, WHOO-HOO!
♪
[JACK CLEARS HIS THROAT]
LET US RAISE OUR GLASSES
TO HONOR TEAM 5D'S
FIRST VICTORY!
Jack: HIP, HIP...
All: HOORAY!
[GULPING]
AHH, BOY,
WHEN JACK WIPED OUT
AND WAS TRYING TO LIMP
ACROSS THE LAP LINE,
I WAS LIKE, "AW, NO WAY,
THEY'RE DONE FOR..."
Jack: WHAT ARE YOU BLATHERING
ABOUT, YOU LITTLE WORM?
JACK ATLAS DOES NOT LIMP!
JACK ATLAS IS A WARRIOR!
UH, NO, I KNOW, JACK,
I WAS JUST SAYING THAT--
HE WAS JUST SAYING
THAT WHEN YOU FAILED
TO SURVIVE
IN THE DUEL,
HE WASN'T SURE
IF YUSEI WOULD BE ABLE
TO PICK UP YOUR SLACK.
PICK UP MY SLACK?
LET'S JUST TELL IT
LIKE IT WAS, JACK.
YOU DID KINDA GO DOWN
LIKE A LEAD BALLOON
-IN THAT DUEL.
-AT LEAST I WAS
IN THE DUEL IN THE
FIRST PLACE, BIG MAN.
AT LEAST I DIDN'T
BAIL OUT ON MY FRIENDS
OVER AN INSIGNIFICANT
FLESH WOUND!
I HAD A NOTE
FROM THE DOCTOR!
HE SAID THERE WAS
NO WAY I COULD DUEL!
IF YOU WERE
A REAL MAN,
YOU WOULDN'T LET
SOME UPPITY DOCTOR
TELL YOU WHAT YOU...
UH, THIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE A CELEBRATION,
NOT ANOTHER DUEL.
YEAH, WELL, YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO STARTED THIS, LEO.
[BOTH GROWLING]
C'MON, BOYS,
THIS IS A PARTY.
LET'S NOT BICKER.
EXACTLY, JACK,
LET THIS ONE GO N' HAVE FUN.
LET'S EAT SOME--
HEY, WAIT A SECOND,
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
YOUR CAFE IS
ACROSS THE STREET!
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
SHOULDN'T YOU
BE OUT REPORTING
ON A STORY
OR SOMETHING?
I'M WORKING ON
A PROFILE PIECE
WHICH REQUIRES ME TO
BE AROUND MY SUBJECT
AT ALL TIMES.
POTENTIAL CONFLICT
IN PROGRESS.
BREAK IT UP!
Carly: HEY, MINA, IF
YOU'RE AT THE PARTY,
WHO'S RUNNING THE
PUBLIC SECURITY BUREAU?
WELL, I--I
NEED TO BE HERE
IN ORDER TO PROVIDE
PROTECTION FOR THE TEAM.
ARE YOU SAYING
YOU'RE WILLING
TO PUT THE NEEDS OF A FEW
OVER THE NEEDS OF THE CITY?
'CAUSE I'M GONNA WRITE
AN ARTICLE ABOUT THAT!
GO AHEAD AND WRITE
WHATEVER YOU WANT,
YOU TATTLETALING
TROUBLEMAKER.
I WILL SQUASH
YOUR LITTLE STORY!
YOU JUST SAID THAT YOU WOULD
SQUASH THE FREEDOM OF THE PRESS
AND EVERYBODY
HERE HEARD IT!
I DON'T THINK I'VE
EVER BEEN TO A PARTY
QUITE LIKE THIS BEFORE.
GUESS EVERYONE'S JUST
BLOWING OFF SOME STEAM.
YOU GOTTA ADMIT,
THERE'S BEEN A LOTTA PRESSURE
BUILDING UP OVER
THE LAST COUPLE OF MONTHS.
HMM...
ONE LITTLE VICTORY
AND TEAM 5D'S
DECIDES TO THROW A PARTY.
THAT SEEMS A LITTLE
PREMATURE, DOES IT NOT?
SHERRY...
WHAT IS SHE DOING HERE?
Carly: DOES, UH--
ANYBODY KNOW
WHO THE PARTY
CRASHER IS?
BONSOIR, MY NAME
IS SHERRY LEBLANC.
I AM FRIENDS WITH
YUSEI AND AKIZA.
SO, HAVE YOU
AND YOUR TEAM DUELED
IN THE PRELIMINARIES
YET, SHERRY?
INDEED, ALTHOUGH, SINCE
YOU REJECTED ME, YUSEI,
ELSWORTH AND I HAD
TO ROLL INTO THE FRAY
WITHOUT A
THIRD TEAMMATE.
BUT A TWO-PERSON
TEAM ONLY GETS
EIGHT THOUSAND
LIFE POINTS...
IT SOUNDS TO ME
LIKE SOMEONE
IS ALREADY MAKING
EXCUSES FOR WHY SHE LOST.
WHAT;
SHERRY!
YOU DEFEATED ALL THREE MEMBERS
OF THE OTHER TEAM
BY YOURSELF?
-EH?
-SERIOUSLY?
WERE THESE THREE
OPPONENTS ACTUALLY TRYING
TO DUEL YOU, OR, UH...?
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO.
MY SITUATION DEMANDS
OF ME THAT I STAY ALIVE
IN THIS TOURNAMENT
NO MATTER WHAT.
ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT ILIASTER?
WAIT, ILIASTER?
HAVE YOU BEEN ABLE
TO LEARN ANYTHING MORE
ABOUT WHAT
THEY WANT FROM YOU?
NOTHING SOLID.
BUT I DO HAVE INFORMATION
THAT THERE IS A CONNECTION
BETWEEN THEM AND THAT
DUEL BOT NAMED GHOST
THAT ATTACKED YOU.
THEN WE NEED
TO TALK.
♪
Yusei: HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
THE DUEL BOT GHOST, SHERRY?
I DON'T EVER
REMEMBER TELLING YOU
ABOUT THAT
PARTICULAR INCIDENT.
I HAVE MY WAYS.
I BELIEVE THE GHOST IS PART
OF A MASSIVE CONSPIRACY,
BUT I MUST KNOW MORE.
WHAT CAN YOU
TELL ME ABOUT IT?
NOT VERY MUCH AT ALL.
IT WAS AN INCREDIBLY
SOPHISTICATED DUELIST...
IT USED A CARD I'D
NEVER HEARD OF BEFORE--
MEKLORD EMPEROR.
AND IT WAS ABLE
TO ABSORB SYNCHROS.
WHERE DID
THE BOT COME FROM?
IT WAS A PROTOTYPE
DEVELOPED BY SECTOR SECURITY.
THE THEORY IS THAT
SOMEONE STOLE IT FROM HQ
AND REPROGRAMMED IT.
-WHO?
-NO IDEA.
WE FOUND
A MEMORY CHIP ON IT,
BUT IT WAS WIPED CLEAN...
I WISH I KNEW MORE.
HAS YOUR PATH CROSSED
WITH ANYONE ELSE
NEW AND PECULIAR RECENTLY?
OURS HAS!
IT WAS JUST AFTER
THE INCIDENT
WITH THE DUEL BOT,
ACTUALLY.
THIS NEW KID LESTER
TRANSFERRED TO OUR SCHOOL.
THERE WAS SOMETHING
REALLY OFF ABOUT HIM.
♪
Luna: THAT'S RIGHT!
LEO AND I ENDED UP
DUELING HIM...
AND--YOU KNOW, NOW
THAT I THINK ABOUT IT--
DURING OUR DUEL,
HE COMBINED FIVE MONSTERS
TO FORM A MEKLORD
EMPEROR, RIGHT?
YEAH, YEAH;
MEKLORD EMPEROR SKIEL!
♪
AND ALSO,
AFTER THAT...
THIS, LIKE, GLOWING
EIGHT FORMED AROUND US.
IT WASN'T AN EIGHT, LEO.
IT WAS TWO CIRCLES.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
AN EIGHT IS?
IT'S TWO CIRCLES.
DRAW ONE IF YOU
DON'T BELIEVE ME.
Crow: IT COULD'VE BEEN
THE SYMBOL FOR INFINITY.
IT WAS TWO...CIRCLES!
EITHER WAY;
AFTER THAT,
WE STARTED
TAKING REAL DAMAGE,
LIKE THE KIND
THAT ACTUALLY HURTS.
HMM, THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED
WHEN THAT FAKE ME
TRIED TO TAKE MY PLACE.
DURING OUR DUEL,
THESE GLOWING WHITE
CIRCLES APPEARED...
AND WE BOTH STARTED
TAKING REAL DAMAGE.
[GROANS]
NOW ALLOW ME TO SHOW YOU
WHAT A REAL DUELIST
IS CAPABLE OF.
♪
Fake Jack: SEVEN
THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS?
Jack: GO ULTIMATE
POWER FORCE!
♪
[ROARS]
AAH!
WE DISCOVERED
THAT THAT FAKE ME
WAS ACTUALLY A DUEL BOT.
BUT AFTER I DEFEATED IT,
WHEN WE WENT BACK
TO THE CAVE
WHERE I WAS BEING HELD,
ALL OF THE EVIDENCE
HAD DISAPPEARED.
SO, YOU THINK THE SOMEONE
WHO STOLE THE DUEL BOT
HAS THE ABILITY
TO CLONE IT AND MAKE
LIKE A WHOLE ARMY
OR SOMETHING?
I SUPPOSE
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE
WHEN YOU'VE GOT
THE KNOW-HOW
AND THE RIGHT TECH.
AND WHOEVER'S AT
THE CENTER OF ALL THIS
CERTAINLY HAS SOME ACCESS
TO ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY.
REMEMBER THE
FACTORY WE WENT TO
WHILE TRACKING DOWN OUR
STOLEN ENGINE PROGRAM?
Crow: OH, YEAH.
THAT PLACE WAS LIKE
THE INSIDE OF A SPACESHIP
FROM SOME SCIENCE
FICTION MOVIE.
WHAT WAS THE DEAL
WITH THAT FACTORY?
DO YOU THINK
THAT WAS SOME KIND OF
ILIASTER OPERATION?
MORE TO THE POINT--
WHAT EXACTLY DO YOU THINK
THEY'RE BUILDING IN THERE?
SOMETHING THAT OUR ENGINE
PROGRAM WOULD BE NEEDED FOR.
DIDN'T YOU GO FURTHER IN
AND POKE AROUND A LITTLE?
YEAH, BUT I GOT JUMPED BY
SOME GUY WEARING A BIRD MASK.
HE KNOCKED ME UNCONSCIOUS.
SO UNFORTUNATELY I
DON'T REMEMBER ANYTHING.
-SO NOTHIN'.
-YEAH, SORRY.
WHY IS ILIASTER
AIMING FOR US?
I MEAN, WHAT DO WE
HAVE TO DO WITH THEM?
IF I HAD TO GUESS...
I WOULD SAY IT IS
BECAUSE YOU ARE SIGNERS.
♪
SO, WAIT; ARE YOU
SAYING YOU KNOW
ABOUT THE POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
BUT OF COURSE.
DO YOU THINK I WOULD
ASK YOU TO JOIN MY TEAM
IF I DIDN'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT?
SO, WHAT DO THESE
ILIASTER CREEPS
WANT WITH
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
LAZAR; THAT
FREAKY LITTLE CLOWN
MUST KNOW SOMETHING
ABOUT ALL THIS!
HE'S THE ONE WHO STOLE
THE ENGINE PROGRAM.
HE'S GOTTA BE CONNECTED.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE
HE IS THESE DAYS.
THE OFFICIAL
STATEMENT IS THAT
"VICE DIRECTOR LAZAR
IS CURRENTLY TAKING
A LONG LEAVE OF ABSENCE."
HE'S CLEARLY GOT
SOMETHING TO HIDE.
MAYBE HIS SUPERIOR
COULD HELP US
GET TO THE
BOTTOM OF THIS.
VICE DIRECTOR LAZAR
REPORTS STRAIGHT
TO THE DIRECTOR HIMSELF.
BUT I HAVEN'T HEARD
A SINGLE MURMUR
ABOUT WHO TOOK OVER
FOR THAT NO-GOOD GOODWIN.
IN THE INTEREST OF
A CHECKS AND BALANCES SYSTEM,
GOODWIN'S BEEN REPLACED
BY THREE DIRECTORS...
AT LEAST THAT'S
WHAT I WAS TOLD.
SO, THERE'S THREE?
CAN YOU ARRANGE A
LITTLE SIT-DOWN FOR US?
WELL, THE THING
ABOUT THAT IS, UM,
OTHER THAN
VICE DIRECTOR LAZAR,
NO ONE HAS ACTUALLY MET
THESE THREE DIRECTORS.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YOU DON'T FIND THAT
SOMEWHAT SUSPICIOUS?
NO, OF--
OF COURSE I DO.
WHERE ARE YOU
GOING, MINA?
I'M GONNA MARCH
INTO THE HEAD OFFICE
AND DEMAND TO HAVE A WORD
WITH THE NEW DIRECTORS.
I WILL LET YOU KNOW
WHATEVER I FIND OUT.
I THINK I'LL GO
BACK TO THE CAFE.
IT WAS AN EXCELLENT PARTY.
THANKS FOR THE CAKE!
[BOTH LAUGH]
Bruno: I HOPE
THAT SHE'S OK.
THE PUBLIC SECURITY BUREAU
IS DEFINITELY INVOLVED,
BUT THEY'RE COVERING
THEIR TRACKS AS WELL.
WE'VE ALREADY
INFILTRATED THEM, REMEMBER?
OH, YEAH, RIGHT,
WHEN EVERYTHING THERE
WENT INTO LOCKDOWN.
WHAT HAPPENED WHEN
YOU GUYS WENT INSIDE?
I AM NOT ENTIRELY SURE...
WE WORKED OUR WAY
TO THE BASEMENT,
BUT ONCE WE ARRIVED,
EVERYTHING HAPPENED SO FAST.
A VIOLENT STORM SEEMED
TO ERUPT OUT OF NOWHERE
AND PROCEEDED TO TEAR
THE WHOLE ROOM APART.
THERE WAS A BLINDING
LIGHT AND THEN...
IT WAS AS IF
WE WERE TRANSPORTED
FROM THE BASEMENT TO
SOMEWHERE THAT FELT ALMOST...
NOT OF THIS WORLD.
THERE WAS SOMEONE THERE...
OR...SOME THING...
[THINKING] THAT'S RIGHT;
THE FLOATING EYE.
♪
SO, IS THIS
"FLOATING EYE"
PULLING ILIASTER'S STRINGS?
PERHAPS.
I DON'T KNOW.
IT IS HARD TO BE
SURE OF ANYTHING
WITH SO MANY QUESTIONS
STILL LINGERING.
[GROANS]
BUT I BELIEVE
THAT IF I CONTINUE
TO WIN IN THE
TOURNAMENT...
ILIASTER WILL
APPROACH ME EVENTUALLY
AND WE WILL
HAVE OUR ANSWERS.
♪
YUSEI FUDO, I HOPE
THAT YOU AND I
DO NOT HAVE TO FACE
EACH OTHER BEFORE THEN.
WHY, WHAT WOULD
HAPPEN IN THAT CASE?
I'D HAVE TO BEAT
YOU, OF COURSE.
♪
Akiza: THAT GIRL
REALLY HAS PERFECTED
THE WHOLE MYSTERIOUS
AND DRAMATIC THING,
-HASN'T SHE?
-HMM.
[THINKING] WE HAVE TO
FIGURE OUT WHAT'S GOING ON.
HUH?
SOMETHING WRONG?
YOU LOOK PALE;
ARE YOU OK, BRUNO?
YEAH, I'M...I JUST
GOT A LITTLE DIZZY.
I'M GOING OUTSIDE
TO GET SOME AIR...
IT'S BEEN A LONG DAY.
♪
[SHERRY THINKING] WHY...
WHY CAN I NOT SHAKE THE FEELING
THAT THE FLOATING EYE,
WHATEVER IT IS,
IS SOMEHOW RELATED TO YUSEI?
♪
YUSEI, DO YOU REALLY
KNOW WHO YOU ARE?
♪
[THINKING] IF SHERRY'S
CONSPIRACY THEORIES ARE RIGHT...
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO DEFEAT
THOSE MEKLORD EMPERORS...
I'VE GOTTA MASTER
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION.
YOU'RE NOT READY TO
FACE THE GHOST AGAIN.
YOU MUST FIRST FIND
WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
LOOKING FOR?
THAT'S RIGHT;
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION!
Crow: THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION;
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
AND ANOTHER THING,
WHO EXACTLY ARE YOU?
HOW ABOUT A NAME
OR SOMETHING, BUDDY?
YOU CAN CALL ME VIZOR...
SO, VIZOR, HOW DO WE
KNOW WE CAN TRUST YOU?
YOU CAN'T AND
WHERE I COME FROM,
TRUST IS SOMETHING
A PERSON HAS TO EARN.
GUESS YOU'LL HAVE TO DUEL ME
AND FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF.
LEAD THE WAY, VIZOR...
WELL DONE, YUSEI;
NOW PREPARE TO STEP
OUT OF THE SHADOWS
AND INTO THE LIGHT--
GO ACCEL SYNCHRO!
ACCEL SYNCHRO?
♪
[GROANS]
[GRUNTING]
♪
WHERE'D THAT
MONSTER COME FROM?
AND WHAT IN
THE WORLD IS IT?
IT'S AN ACCEL
SYNCHRO MONSTER...
TECH GENUS BLADE BLASTER.
Yusei: LET HIM HAVE
IT, DRILL WARRIOR!
WHIRLWIND WINDER!
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE;
I PLAY AN ABILITY!
IT LETS ME REMOVE
BLADE BLASTER FROM PLAY
ONCE PER TURN!
BUT THAT MEANS...!
♪
THAT DIDN'T HAVE TO
BE THE FINISH, VIZOR.
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
WHY DID YOU PROTECT YOUR
MONSTER WITH YOUR LIFE POINTS--
IT MAKES NO SENSE!
[CHUCKLES]
I WOULD EXPLAIN
BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT I CAN'T REVEAL
ALL THE SECRETS
OF THE ACCEL SYNCHRO, YUSEI.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN;
WHAT DON'T I KNOW?
THE ANSWERS WILL ALL
COME IN GOOD TIME.
UNTIL THEN, I'LL BE LOOKING
FORWARD TO OUR NEXT DUEL.
HUH?
Yusei: I'VE FOUND
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION...
BUT IF I'M GOING TO MASTER IT,
I'VE GOTTA PUSH
BEYOND MY LIMITS.
[YUSEI THINKING]
I NEED TO PUSH HARDER...
I HAVEN'T OVERCOME
MY LIMITS YET.
IF ACCEL SYNCHRO
REALLY CAN DEFEAT
THESE MEKLORD EMPERORS...
THEN I'VE GOTTA
LEARN HOW TO MASTER IT.
NO MATTER WHAT IT TAKES...
I HAVE TO GET BETTER.
♪
[BRUNO THINKING]
THIS IS WHERE I WAS FOUND...
WHO AM I?
WHERE DID I COME FROM?
Cat: [MEW]
WHAT?
[MEW MEW]
[LAUGHING]
[MEWING]
♪
YOU'RE IN A PLACE
THAT YOU DO NOT BELONG.
HEY, WHO ARE YOU?
[GRUNTING]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
UGH, MY HEAD...
UHH.
YOU WILL NOT INTERFERE.
[THINKING] THAT MAN...
DOES HE KNOW WHO I AM?
WHY AM I EVEN HERE?
WHY DO I FEEL LIKE
SOMEONE IS WATCHING ME,
WAITING FOR ME
TO DO SOMETHING...?
♪
[GROANING]
AAH!
♪
[YOWLS]
THAT'S IT!
PHOENIX WHIRLWIND'S
AS GOOD AS NEW.
THERE YOU ARE, GUYS!
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
TODAY IS TEAM
UNICORN'S SECOND MATCH.
IT'S STARTING
IN, LIKE, FIVE MINUTES!
ACCORDING TO THE BREAKDOWNS,
THEY'RE UP AGAINST
TEAM CATASTROPHE.
THAT'S WHO WE'RE
UP AGAINST NEXT.
LET'S GO WATCH
THE UNICORNS BATTLE
SO WE CAN CHECK OUT
CATASTROPHE'S STRATEGIES
AND TAKE NOTES;
WHADDYA SAY?
I'M ALWAYS UP FOR
WATCHING A GOOD DUEL.
♪
IT'S ALREADY STARTED!
I HOPE THE UNICORNS
HAVEN'T DEFEATED THEM ALREADY.
I WANNA SEE WHAT
THEY'RE ALL ABOUT.
♪
THOSE ARE TEAM
UNICORN'S RUNNERS!
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE;
WHAT HAPPENED?
LOOK, RIGHT DOWN THERE!
♪
Yusei: JEAN, ANDRE!
MC: WHAT AN EPICALLY EPIC
TRAGEDY OF EPIC PROPORTIONS!
TEAM UNICORN'S FIRST AND SECOND
DUELISTS BOTH CAME OUT STRONG!
EVERYONE THOUGHT TEAM
UNICORN HAD THE ADVANTAGE
GOING INTO TODAY'S DUEL,
BUT THEIR OPPONENTS HAVE PULLED
AN UPSET AND SNATCHED A VICTORY!
LET'S HEAR IT FOR
TEAM CATASTROPHE!
THIS MUST BE A JOKE.
Crow: I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
THE UNICORNS LOST?
REALLY?
♪
THAT'S THEM.
THAT'S TEAM CATASTROPHE.
I GUESS THEY LIVE
UP TO THEIR NAME.
♪